\documentclass[a4paper,11pt]{article}


%\usepackage{times}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{comment}
\usepackage{geometry}
\geometry{letterpaper}   

%\usepackage{amsfonts}
\usepackage{amssymb}

\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{pdfpages}
\usepackage{titlesec}


\headheight 5pt
\pagestyle{fancy}


\rhead[\thepage]{Agenda, 5-4-16}
\lhead[\thepage]{}
\chead[\thepage]{}

\renewcommand{\thepage}{}

\setlength{\parindent}{0em}
\setlength{\parskip}{0em}
\renewcommand{\baselinestretch}{1.1}

\titleformat{\section}[block]{\bfseries\Large}{\thesection.}{1em}{} 
\titleformat{\subsection}[block]{\bfseries\large\hspace{1em}}{\thesubsection}{1em}{}
\titleformat{\subsubsection}[block]{\bfseries\hspace{2em}}{\thesubsubsection}{2em}{}
\newcommand{\HRule}{\rule{\linewidth}{0.5mm}}

\newenvironment{absolutelynopagebreak}
  {\par\nobreak\vfil\penalty0\vfilneg
   \vtop\bgroup}
  {\par\xdef\tpd{\the\prevdepth}\egroup
   \prevdepth=\tpd}


\begin{document}
    \begin{center}
		\Huge Committee Meeting\\
		\Huge Postgraduate Physics Students' Society\\[0.5cm]
		\large
        \raggedright \textbf{Date:} Tuesday 4 April, 2016\\
        \raggedright \textbf{Time:} 2pm (1400)\\
        \raggedright \textbf{Location:} Level 6 Reading Room\\[0.5cm]
    \end{center}
\section{Attendance}
\subsection{Opening}
\subsection{Attendance to be taken}
Cate not here, George not coming ever, Innes not here
\subsection{Apologies}
George apologies
\section{Pool Competition}
Emails been sent out, all been organised.

Money stuff: 

Food, drinks:

Pizza place needs (does it though) 2 days notice

Tristan and Cate to buy things on Thursday (plus other people?)
4:30 Friday setup

Shanette bring speakers (+ aux cables)


\section{Monetary discussion (signatories)}
Daniel to get Patrick's signature on minutes

\section{Reports}
\subsection{Academic Staff Committee}
No meetings
\subsection{Academic Progress Committee}
No meetings
\subsection{Knowledge Engagement}
No meetings
\subsection{Research and Research Training}
No meetings
\subsection{Occupational Health and Safety}
No meetings

\section{Matters Arising from Previous Minutes}
See Action List
\section{General Business}
\subsection{Further business}
A line with the PSS needs to be drawn
Daniel will do the things or something

\subsection{Next meeting}
In two weeks from today, same time and place (unless times clear up)

\section{Meeting close}


\pagebreak
{\Large \textbf{Action List from Meeting 14-3-16}}

\begin{enumerate}
\item Daniel - organise posters for Physical Systems advertising
Not time yet

\item Braden - talk to PSS re: advertising Physical Systems on their page
Wait after Dan does his thing

\item Tristan - talk to Melatos about Mentoring
There is supposedly a mechanism for this already (including people from other faculties possibly). However some people (e.g. Giacomo) don't have this

\item Shanette + other - buy PPSS GOSS stuff from IKEA
Not yet; Shanette to talk to Innes about what she wants for GOSS stuff, then will buy stuff herself

\item Innes/George - buy knives and forks for GOSS (with GOSS funds)
Not done

\item Innes - notify people of banner comp (via email + Facebook) (note: there will be a ``silly prize'')
Not yet, wait until 

\item Braden - buy some PPSS board games as assets
Not done
Cate says: speakers on Level 7 kinda don't work 

\item Daniel - talk to Ray/someone re: pull-down screen in Level 7 Common Room
Daniel spoken to Maria Castle. If she needs funding assistance we can assist. She will get back to us. Cate suggests speakers (wall mounted things), Dan suggests small BOSE (?) speakers, he will talk to Maria about this

\item Cate - create poll for PPSS members to voting on new events


\item Cate - to take care of Pool Competition
Yes

\item Daniel - continue conversing with other graduate group executives people about diversity event
Been speaking to Kyra still; Club Fair, whole STEM event, or a smaller thing? WISE is happy to join this effort, OSA (Optics), LGBTIQ+ (Craig does this, but he's not good at things) thing maybe doesn't exist, talk to Jacinta in the future; CAASTRO has something...; this could be Week 7-8; kind of a lunch to get members at the start of the year

\item Others - let Daniel know about other graduate groups which could get involved in a diversity event



\end{enumerate}

\end{document}
