\documentclass[a4paper,12pt]{article}


%\usepackage{times}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{pxfonts}

%\usepackage{amsfonts}
\usepackage{amssymb}

\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{ifpdf}
\usepackage{pdfpages}
\pagestyle{fancy}

\ifpdf
        \DeclareGraphicsRule{*}{mps}{*}{}
\fi


\usepackage{ucs}
\usepackage[utf8x]{inputenc}
\usepackage{CJK}

\title{Committee Meeting\\Agenda}
\author{Postgraduate Physics Students' Society}
\date{14.00, Tuesday 15th March, 2016}


\headheight 15pt

\rhead[\thepage]{Agenda}
\lhead[\thepage]{}
\chead[\thepage]{}


\renewcommand{\labelenumii}{\arabic{enumi}.\arabic{enumii}. }
\newcommand{\itemi}[1]{\bf\large #1}
\newcommand{\itemii}[1]{\bf #1}
\renewcommand{\thepage}{}



\begin{document}
\thispagestyle{empty}\pagestyle{empty}
\maketitle
\begin{enumerate}
\item {\itemi Attendance}
	\begin{enumerate}
	\item {\itemii Opening}
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Braden was elected Chair
	\end{itemize}
	\item {\itemii Attendance to be taken}
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Daniel, Braden, Shanette, Cate, Innes, Tristan and Sri were in attendance
	\end{itemize}
	\item {\itemii Apologies}
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Apologies were received from Stephi
	\end{itemize}
	\item {\itemii Committee Membership}
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Daniel welcomed the new committee
	\end{itemize}
	\end{enumerate}
\item {\itemi Advertising for Physical Systems}
\begin{itemize}
\item Melbourne will be running a Physical Systems course next semester; it's a premier subject

\item Will cover wave optics, classical mechanics, solving differential systems as physical systems

\item (A little bit of) Overlap with some math subjects (DEs, Mathematical Mehods of Physics) (but not so much that there's anti-requisites)

\item 2nd year subject; 3rd years can take it (good for them, as they have context)

\item Put up posters to advertise? Yes

\item Advertising cannot be on LMS - we should get it on the PSS

\item Braden will correspond with PSS re: everything

%Innes says: ``They're like five''
\end{itemize}

\item {\itemi Mentoring}
\begin{itemize}
\item Braden presented the idea (based on a discussion with a Neuroscience Postgraduate executive)

\item Tristan will bring this up with Andew Melatos at the next Knowledge Engagement committee meeting
\end{itemize}

\item {\itemi Funds and Assets}
\begin{itemize}
\item The most costly events for the year will likely be: post-Completion talk food, Easter, Pool, Trivia

\item The question of whether we need a TV on Level 7 was discussed (following on from last year's discussion of Tristan having a spare TV). The committee decided: probably not

\item Level 7 needs some items (especially for GOSS preparation and serving): platters, IKEA stuff, cutting board, knife, cheese knife

\item We will use GOSS funds to source some knives and forks

\item Braden brought up the idea of using GSA/UMSU funds set aside for assets. The committee decided that were some assets we should obtain: board games (a small amount), PPSS banner, pull-down screen (note: this is something the School of Physics could/should do)
\end{itemize}

\item {\itemi Semester event plan}
	\begin{enumerate}
	\item Other events
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Snooker - semester opposite the pool competition?
	
	\item One more ``bigger'' event this semester?
	
	\item Talent show? Logisitically difficult
	
	\item Karaoke night?
	
	\item New events poll?	
	
	\item Australia's Biggest Morning Tea?
	
	\item Committee think the ``mentoring'' of 1st years sessions (where graduates come in to tutes and talk for 10 minutes) are bad
	\end{itemize}	
	
	\item Pool Competition
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Running the week of Monday 4th April
	
	\item Final on Friday 8th April
	
	\item Signups close Monday 4th April
	
	\item Posters
	
	\item Prizes: alcohol (two different bottles), name engraved of trophy
	
	\end{itemize}	
	
	\item Diversity Fair/Event
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Daniel has been in discussion with some other graduate science groups, including Chemistry. There has been not nearly enough collaboration between STEM groups; a Diversity Fair/Event is currently being discussed with several groups (Chemistry, Physics, optical students association, WISE, Geology(??), Biology(??), WIP). For such an event, there will be a lot of money available by pooling resources.
	\item Daniel will continue conversing with these other groups
	\end{itemize}
	
	\end{enumerate}
\item {\itemi Reports}
	\begin{enumerate}
	\item Academic Staff Committee
	\begin{itemize}
	
	\item After being invited, Cate was asked to leave the most recent meeting, as the topic of discussion was EPP leadership position.

	\end{itemize}	
	
	\item Academic Progress Committee
	\begin{itemize}
	
	\item Innes went to a meeting
	
	\item Physics Advanced had a lot of people enrolled. Enrolment in subjects with prerequisites is an issue at the moment: some students are taking the subject but haven't taken Physics in high school/equivalent.
	
	\item 2nd year Comp labs - lots of people enrolled this semester, as well as last semester (we hope Engineers will join). Comp is going well	
	
	\item Legacy subjects are difficult to deal with
	
	\item Sean and Harry have done good work with LMS
	
	\item Calc2, Lin Alg - no longer prerequisites
	
	\item Problem with UMEP students, something about amount of points
	
	\item Change to Physics major
	
	\item Senior demonstrators/tutor (teaching fellows) - should be doing more things	
	
	\item Bureaucratic bullshit re: Grad centre computers

	\end{itemize}	
	
	\item Knowledge Engagement
	\begin{itemize}

	\item Work experience - 24 students for the faculty (out of 100s applied)
	
	\item Could be asking students to help out with this (guiding them around, etc.)
	
	\item WIP: 29th April - 1st May	
	
	\item July lectures: 100 Years of GR, grav waves
	
	\item Nothing yet for Open Day
	
	\item Colloquiums booked up until May	
	
	\end{itemize}
	
	\item Research and Research Training

	\begin{itemize}
	
	\item No-one attended	
	
	\end{itemize}
	
	\item Occupational Health and Safety

			\begin{itemize}
	
	\item No-one attended	
	
	\end{itemize}
	
	
	\end{enumerate}
\item {\itemi Matters Arising from Previous Minutes}

This was our first meeting, so there were no previous minutes.
\item {\itemi General Business}
	\begin{enumerate}
	\item Further business
	\begin{itemize}
	\item No further business
	\end{itemize}
	\item Next meeting
	
	\begin{itemize}
	
	\item Cate suggested fortnightly meetings; the committee agrees
	
	\item Next meeting: 5th April, 2pm (unless times clear up)	
	
	\end{itemize}
	
	\end{enumerate}
\item {\itemi Meeting close}

	3:05pm
\end{enumerate}
\pagebreak
{\Large \textbf{Action List}}

\begin{enumerate}
\item Daniel - organise posters for Physical Systems advertising
\item Braden - talk to PSS re: advertising Physical Systems on their page
\item Tristan - talk to Melatos about Mentoring
\item Shanette + other - buy PPSS GOSS stuff from IKEA
\item Innes/George - buy knives and forks for GOSS (with GOSS funds)
\item Innes - notify people of banner comp (via email + Facebook) (note: there will be a ``silly prize'')
\item Braden - buy some PPSS board games as assets
\item Daniel - talk to Ray/someone re: pull-down screen in Level 7 Common Room
\item Cate - create poll for PPSS members to voting on new events
\item Cate - to take care of Pool Competition
\item Daniel - continue conversing with other graduate group executives people about diversity event
\item Others - let Daniel know about other graduate groups which could get involved in a diversity event
\end{enumerate}

\end{document}
