\documentclass[a4paper,11pt]{article}


%\usepackage{times}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{pxfonts}
\usepackage{comment}
\usepackage{geometry}
\geometry{letterpaper}   

%\usepackage{amsfonts}
\usepackage{amssymb}

\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{ifpdf}
\usepackage{pdfpages}
\pagestyle{fancy}

\ifpdf
        \DeclareGraphicsRule{*}{mps}{*}{}
\fi


\usepackage{ucs}
\usepackage[utf8x]{inputenc}
\usepackage{CJK}

\title{Committee Meeting\\Agenda}
\author{Postgraduate Physics Students' Society}
\date{14.00, Tuesday 15th March, 2016}


\headheight 10pt

\rhead[\thepage]{Agenda}
\lhead[\thepage]{}
\chead[\thepage]{}


\renewcommand{\labelenumii}{\arabic{enumi}.\arabic{enumii}. }
\newcommand{\itemi}[1]{\bf\large #1}
\newcommand{\itemii}[1]{\bf #1}
\renewcommand{\thepage}{}

\setlength{\parindent}{0em}
\setlength{\parskip}{0.5em}
\renewcommand{\baselinestretch}{1.1}



\begin{document}
\thispagestyle{empty}\pagestyle{empty}
\maketitle
\section{Attendance}
\subsection{Opening}
Braden was elected Chair
\subsection{Attendance to be taken}
Daniel, Braden, Shanette, Cate, Innes, Tristan and Sri were in attendance
\subsection{Apologies}
Apologies were received from Stephi
\subsection{Committee Membership}
Daniel welcomed the new committee

\section{Advertising for Physical Systems}
Melbourne will be running a Physical Systems course next semester; it's a premier subject

Will cover wave optics, classical mechanics, solving differential systems as physical systems

(A little bit of) Overlap with some math subjects (DEs, Mathematical Mehods of Physics) (but not so much that there's anti-requisites)

2nd year subject; 3rd years can take it (good for them, as they have context)

Put up posters to advertise? Yes

Advertising cannot be on LMS - we should get it on the PSS

Braden will correspond with PSS re: everything

%Innes says: ``They're like five''

\section{Mentoring}
Braden presented the idea (based on a discussion with a Neuroscience Postgraduate executive)

Tristan will bring this up with Andew Melatos at the next Knowledge Engagement committee meeting

\section{Funds and Assets}
The most costly events for the year will likely be: post-Completion talk food, Easter, Pool, Trivia

The question of whether we need a TV on Level 7 was discussed (following on from last year's discussion of Tristan having a spare TV). The committee decided: probably not

Level 7 needs some items (especially for GOSS preparation and serving): platters, IKEA stuff, cutting board, knife, cheese knife

We will use GOSS funds to source some knives and forks

Braden brought up the idea of using GSA/UMSU funds set aside for assets. The committee decided that were some assets we should obtain: board games (a small amount), PPSS banner, pull-down screen (note: this is something the School of Physics could/should do)

\section{Semester event plan}
\subsection{Other events}

Multiple event ideas were put forward:
\begin{itemize}
\item Cate proposed running one more ``bigger'' event (e.g. Pool Comp, Trivia Night) this semester. The committee agreed.

\item Snooker - running in semester opposite the pool competition (Sem 2)
	
\item A talent show? It was considered logisitically difficult
	
\item Karaoke night
	
\item Australia's Biggest Morning Tea
\end{itemize}

The committee agreed running another Australia's Biggest Morning Tea (following on from last year) would be successful. No concensus was reached on what extra ``large'' event to run this semester; Cate will put out a poll to the membership to gauge interest.

Committee think the ``mentoring'' sessions for 1st years  (where graduates come in to tutes and talk for 10 minutes) are not effective

\subsection{Pool Competition}
Several logisitical issues were agreed upon:
\begin{itemize}
\item As Activites Officer, Cate will organise much of the event
\item Running the week of Monday 4th April
\item Final on Friday 8th April
\item Signups close Monday 4th April
\item Cate will make and post posters
\item Prizes: alcohol (two different bottles), names engraved on trophy
\end{itemize}


\subsection{Diversity Fair/Event}
Daniel has been in discussion with some other graduate science groups, including Chemistry. There has been not nearly enough collaboration between STEM groups; a Diversity Fair/Event is currently being discussed with several groups (Chemistry, Physics; possibility to expand to Optical Students Association, WISE, WIP group in the School of Physics; considering Geology, Biology). 

For such an event, there will be a lot of money available by pooling resources.

Daniel will continue conversing with these other groups.

\section{Reports}
\subsection{Academic Staff Committee}
After being invited, Cate was asked to leave (/kicked out of) the most recent meeting, as the topic of discussion was the EPP leadership position.

\subsection{Academic Progress Committee}

Innes attended the most recent meeting.
	
\textbf{See attached report for full notes}

\begin{comment}
Physics Advanced had a lot of people enrolled. Enrolment in subjects with prerequisites is an issue at the moment: some students are taking the subject but haven't taken Physics in high school/equivalent.
	
2nd year Comp labs - lots of people enrolled this semester, as well as last semester (we hope Engineers will join). Comp is going well	
	
Legacy subjects are difficult to deal with.
	
Sean Crosby and Harry Quiney have done good work in fixing parts of the LMS.
	
Calculus 2 and Linear Algebra are no longer prerequisites for Physics
	
Senior demonstrators/tutor (teaching fellows) - should be doing more things	
	
%Bureaucratic bullshit re: Grad centre computers

\end{comment}


\subsection{Knowledge Engagement}
Tristan attended the most recent meeting.

\textbf{See attached report for full notes}

\begin{comment}

Work experience students coming soon: 24 students for the faculty (out of 100s applied). The faculty could be asking some older students to help out with this (guiding them around, etc.)
	
WIP camp: 29th April - 1st May	
	
July lectures: 100 Years of GR, discussion of gravitational waves
	
Nothing yet for Open Day
	
Colloquiums booked up until May	
\end{comment}
	
\subsection{Research and Research Training}

No-one attended	

\subsection{Occupational Health and Safety}

No-one attended	

\section{Matters Arising from Previous Minutes}

This was our first meeting, so there were no previous minutes.

\section{General Business}
\subsection{Further business}
No further business

\subsection{Next meeting}
Cate suggested fortnightly meetings; the committee agrees.
	
Next meeting: 5th April, 2pm (unless times clear up; currently Innes is unable to attend this time)	
	
\section{Meeting close}

	3:05pm

\pagebreak
{\Large \textbf{Action List}}

\begin{enumerate}
\item Daniel - organise posters for Physical Systems advertising
\item Braden - talk to PSS re: advertising Physical Systems on their page
\item Tristan - talk to Melatos about Mentoring
\item Shanette + other - buy PPSS GOSS stuff from IKEA
\item Innes/George - buy knives and forks for GOSS (with GOSS funds)
\item Innes - notify people of banner comp (via email + Facebook) (note: there will be a ``silly prize'')
\item Braden - buy some PPSS board games as assets
\item Daniel - talk to Ray/someone re: pull-down screen in Level 7 Common Room
\item Cate - create poll for PPSS members to voting on new events
\item Cate - to take care of Pool Competition
\item Daniel - continue conversing with other graduate group executives people about diversity event
\item Others - let Daniel know about other graduate groups which could get involved in a diversity event
\end{enumerate}

\end{document}
